Extension system (#576)
twisted/pydoctor: docs/source/customize.rst

Use a custom system class
-------------------------

You can subclass the :py:class:`pydoctor.model.System`
and pass your custom class dotted name with the following argument::

  --system-class=mylib._pydoctor.CustomSystem

> System class allows you to customize certain aspect of the system and configure the enabled extensions. 

Author: Right now using a custom class is the way to define custom extensions. But we could add a new argument: —extension that would add custom extensions to the system. This way we would not have to use —system-class anymore.

> System class allows you to customize certain aspect of the system and configure the enabled extensions. 

Author: Are you saying that we should add the —extension option right now ?

> System class allows you to customize certain aspect of the system and configure the enabled extensions. 

Author: I've added some more docs, tell me what you think @adiroiban

            """
            ctx = self.visitor.builder.current
            if not isinstance(ctx, model.Class):
                # check if the current context object is a class
                return

            if not any(ctx.expandName(b) == 'pydantic.BaseModel' for b in ctx.bases):
                # check if the current context object if a class derived from ``pydantic.BaseModel``
                return

            dottedname = astutils.node2dottedname(node.target)
            if not dottedname or len(dottedname)!=1:
                # check if the assignment is a simple name, otherwise ignore it
                return
            
            # Get the attribute from current context
            attr = ctx.contents[dottedname[0]]

            assert isinstance(attr, model.Attribute)

            # All class variables that are not annotated with ClassVar will be transformed to instance variables.
            if astutils.is_using_typing_classvar(attr.annotation, attr):
                return

            if attr.kind == model.DocumentableKind.CLASS_VARIABLE:
                attr.kind = model.DocumentableKind.INSTANCE_VARIABLE

>     def setup_pydoctor_extension(r:extensions.ExtRegistrar) -> None:

Author: This system has the advantage of relying only on `imporlib`.

>     def setup_pydoctor_extension(r:extensions.ExtRegistrar) -> None:

Author: Also, it somewhat resembles the Sphinx extension system.

Use a custom system class
-------------------------

You can subclass the :py:class:`pydoctor.model.System`
and pass your custom class dotted name with the following argument::

  --system-class=mylib._pydoctor.CustomSystem

System class allows you to customize certain aspect of the system and configure the enabled extensions. 

> If what you want to acheive has something to to with the state of some objects in the Documentable tree, 

Author: ```suggestion
If what you want to achieve has something to do with the state of some objects in the Documentable tree, 
```

> it's vert likely that you can do it without the need to override any system method, 

Author: ```suggestion
it's very likely that you can do it without the need to override any system method, 
```
